Vigenère Cipher Documentation
1. 	Provide documentation that explains programming approaches, algorithm is integrated in the program, and the application of course concepts.

The programming approach we took was asking the user if they wanted to encrypt or decrypt. Depending on which they picked they will have to enter in a message to be encrypted using the Vigenère Cipher. A restriction that we put on the user is that they cannot input a string with any spaces. They must enter a single string otherwise the words after the spaces gets encrypted incorrectly. After this they must enter the key that is used to encrypt or decrypt the message. This key has the same restriction as the input for the message where it must be a single string with no symbols. After we asked for the user input the code converts the string to a char array to calculate the length of the message. Using a for loop we take each element of the character array for the key and generate the new key by comparing it to the length of the message. The encryption and decryption was the formula we were given and the only problem we had with it was that we could not account for spaces in either spaces or symbols. For the encryption for loop we set the encrypted message array equal to the message array added to the new key array and all of that modded with 26 to account for the ASCII value that the letters represents. We set the decrypted message array equal to the array of the encrypted message minus the new key character array and added 26. After that we did that modded by 26 for the same reason as the decryption. We also used a filestream as well by declaring it at the very beginning of the code and opening when we display the outputs using the declared filestream variable and reads in the information provided by the user and displays it. After the encryption and decryption algorithm was implemented into the program all there was to do was display the outputs.
